I'm not scared of you now
I'm going to die now
You also need to pull a pad on your back.
Qin Chong, tell me where Ye Manping is
Don't let me get off the stage in front of the Dragon Palace Master
Hit you now tell me where the night is
I can keep you alive
Do you think you are the owner of the dragon shop?
I don't know, I thought you were Qin Shi Huang
Longdian special envoy worker
How dare you at the owner's return banquet
noisy
Did you live too long?
Qin Chong, tell me Ye Wanting's location
I'll arrange it.
In Your Name
Dedicated to the owner
Hey, do you understand?
Lord Piaoxue said
In my name
Ye Wanting is dedicated to the owner by me
Lord Liu Xu
Ye Wanting is in an abandoned garage in Nancheng
Then you meet the owner
It must have poisoned my beauty
That's inevitable